releae-note: note on MCUboot for 3.1.0 release (#46080)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.1.rst

MCUboot
*******

> - Added initial support for devices with a write alignment larger than 8 B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added initial support for devices with a write alignment larger than 8B.
```

- Addeed optiona for enter to the serial recovery mode with timeout, see ``CONFIG_BOOT_SERIAL_WAIT_FOR_DFU``.
- Use a smaller sha256 implementation.
- Added support for the echo command in serial recovery, see ``CONFIG_BOOT_MGMT_ECHO``.
- Fixed image decryption for any SoC flash of the pages size which not fitted in 1024 B in single loader mode.
- Fixed possible output buffer overflow in serial recovery.
- Added GH workflow for verifying integration with the Zephyr.
- Removed deprecated DT_CHOSEN_ZEPHYR_FLASH_CONTROLLER_LABEL.

> - Fixed usage of CONFIG_LOG_IMMEDIATE.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the `DT_` and `CONFIG_` be in `` as in the above instances?
